# MazeGame_Database-RSZES

This project is intended for master studies on the Faculty of Technical Sciences - FTN. The Subject is Software development for embedded systems (RSZES).

In this project TCP/IP socket communication between, at first, C++ console application as the server and java android application as the client has been implemented, afterwards the Server has become a QT GUI Application. Server handles communication for each open socket (client) separately via multi-threading approach. It provides data from an SQL database and writes new data into it. The SQL database consists of android player information such as email, name, password and game scores. C++ server has the role of a medium between Android client and SQL database. Accessing to SQL was provided by MySQL API. Via TCP/IP, server sends single answers or XML file to the client. XML file is filled with data from the top 10 players in the database, according to the highest score. XML file Generating is provided by TinyXML API. QT GUI provides administrator (developer) access to SQL database by entering one’s username and password in Widget fields, and also streams leaderboard live (top 10 players). The Android application was developed in IntelliJ's Android Studio IDE, written in Java and it consists of two main blocks - Game and "Socket handling". Game is actually a simple Maze game, in which the player (red square) must go to the blue field as fast as possible to get the highest score. There are 5 similar randomly created levels in which the player reaches 500+ points. After the game, the client updates its score to the SQL via client socket in multi-threads. The Android user must be signed in at the beginning of the app so he can communicate with SQL and use some features or he/she can play in "offline mode". In order for a user to log in (sign in), he must first register (sign up). He must enter an e-mail, nickname and password for the first time, after that he can access the SQL with an e-mail or nickname and password. The User can get an .xml file from the server and parse it so he can read information. The whole android application has used many Android SDK API 30 features.

